rename "Conditional patern" in"Alternating patern" (#7046)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/parsing.md

**Note**: Parsing a date **doesn't** set its value as the log official date. For this use the [Log Date Remapper][2] in a subsequent Processor.

### Alternating pattern

> If you have logs with two possible formats which differ in only one attribute, set a single rule using Alternating with `(<REGEX_1>|<REGEX_2>)`. It's equivalent to a boolean OR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have logs with two possible formats which differ in only one attribute, set a single rule using alternating with `(<REGEX_1>|<REGEX_2>)`. It's equivalent to a boolean OR.
```

> If you have logs with two possible formats which differ in only one attribute, set a single rule using alternating with `(<REGEX_1>|<REGEX_2>)`. It's equivalent to a boolean OR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have logs with two possible formats which differ in only one attribute, set a single rule using alternating with `(<REGEX_1>|<REGEX_2>)`. This rule is equivalent to a Boolean OR.
```
